I played the first time the hood in
public in Tel Aviv I was like probably
the only Israeli Jew from the young
generation they started to play this
like everybody was what are you doing
with this instrument this is the
instrument of the old people this is the
instrument of the Arab
this is the instrument of the old Jews
of Iraq this is what are you doing with
this instrument you play electric guitar
you play electric violin remember you
playing the blues with I said well this
is another kind of spirit but among the
Israelis the young generation it was a
big evolution cultural revolution to
present something that we thought that
we will not hear it anymore it's a
bridge of peace between the Arabic
culture and day and the Jewish culture
does really culture and the languages
and if I play Arabic tune and there are
some Arab people around me they feel
connected I feel connected to them they
feel connected to you immediately
because I know their culture if you know
the culture of somebody you welcome you
and you know immediately you break the
walls